You sit here first
I’ll call you
when it’s time to come out
Okay
Ye Qi Luo
Pandora’s box
is about to be opened
Today's show
must be done well
3, 2, 1
Live broadcast begins
Wishing all our viewers a pleasant evening
Welcome to tonight’s
live interview in Jiang City
Welcome today’s guest
Ms. Ye Qi Luo
Hey buddy, pause for a second
Ye Qi Luo is live
I heard that Ms. Ye Qi Luo
majored in Spanish in university
Could you greet everyone in Spanish?
That wasn’t in the script
Stick to the script
Don’t ad-lib the lines
I heard Ms. Ye
Let's ask Ms. Ye to greet us in Spanish
Ye Qi
Come to the station right now
What’s wrong?
Doesn’t she know?
It’s been so long
I...
It’s okay
Tonight’s live broadcast
we’ve invited a special guest
to join us
Once she sees him,
Ms. Ye will definitely remember
Let’s all welcome
Ms. Ye’s university classmate
Lin Hao
Where did this classmate come from?
Don’t mess around
Don’t let her fool you
This person is not Ye Qi Luo at all
Ye Qi Luo died a long time ago